I said that Rong Zhaonan did not suffer
They shouldn't remember very far
Uncle Nan Ge Rong has been
I'm dying of laughter.
He won't notice that I'm dizzy, will he?
I'll say it again.
I'm already married.
Physical serious
The little bitch in the courtyard
I will definitely ruin your reputation
Life is better than death
Why are you in my quilt?
Clothes or my pillow
No, there is only one quilt on this bed
How did it become your quilt?
If you want to own a quilt
You should go and get me another bed
Ah, you have time to chat with your fiancee and catch up
You are not for yourself
Which one do you want?
Who is jealous?
I think you ate too many dumplings and you want to dip them in vinegar.
I'm going to wash up first
Then hurry up
I'll wait for you to pack each other up. Hmm.
Hey Li Yuan
What's up?
Li Yuan, if you will
I want to take care of you for the rest of my life
You haven't woken up yet, have you?
What nonsense
You hurry up and pack up, I'll go wash up first
Is he confessing?
Rong Zhaonan should be worth trusting
No matter what you think
I will never leave you for the rest of my life
Absolutely not.